For further information on post-employment benefits, derivative financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk management and related measures, see Notes 17, 24 and 25 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for fiscal 2023.

8.3.4 Compliance risks

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: Regulatory requirements are being introduced or modified at an unprecedented rate, often with little or no advance implementation lead time. This creates a risk that new requirements become effective more quickly than they can be implemented in the associated systems and processes, potentially resulting in business disruptions and the need for manual mitigation interventions. As a diversified company with global businesses we are exposed to various product- and country-related regulations, laws and policies influencing our business activities and processes. According to observations and analysis, there is an increasing risk that existing technical regulations in target markets will suddenly change, or new ones will be set in force, which result in market access criteria that our products do not meet. The affected products would lose marketability in this market. Reducing the risk of a sales-stop depends on the required correction for the non-conformity. In case the product can technically stay as is, while it has to undergo new and additional conformity assessment and certification, there will be considerable effort and cost to carry out the needed testing and certification procedures. In a worse case, the affected product will need re-engineering or re-design to meet the requirements of the changed or new technical regulation even before it can become re-assessed and certified for market approval. The latter case will cause significant extra effort and cost to make the needed product changes and to maintain the country-specific product variant as an additional derivative item in the portfolio. In the worst case, if the two aforementioned ways of maintaining the product’s marketability prove to be not feasible, we must stop selling the affected product in the market. The uncertain geopolitical situation has triggered unpredictable – and often conflicting – extraterritorial regulations, restrictions and sanctions, thus creating a potential risk that it will be difficult to simultaneously comply with all relevant regulatory requirements of certain transactions. Complex cross-jurisdictional regulations can vary between countries, even within the same region, each with slightly different rules and requirements, creating a risk that a global standard cannot be effectively implemented and maintained, potentially leading to a need for more custom or regional standards. We monitor the political and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate potential problem areas, with the aim of quickly adjusting our business activities and processes to changed conditions. However, any changes in regulations, laws and policies could adversely affect our business activities and processes as well as our financial condition and results of operations.