Project-related risks: A number of our segments conduct activities under long-term contracts that are awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Such contracts typically arise at Mobility and in various activities of Smart Infrastructure or Portfolio Companies. Some of these contracts are inherently risky because we may assume substantially all of the risks associated with completing a project and meeting post- completion warranty obligations. For example, we may face the risk that we must satisfy technical requirements of a project even though we have not gained experience with those requirements before winning the project. The profit margins realized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from original estimates as a result of changes in costs and productivity over a contract’s term. We sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project modifications, shortage of key personnel, quality problems, financial difficulties of our customers and/or significant partners, cost overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected technological problems, unexpected developments at the project sites, unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political environment, performance problems with our suppliers, subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties. Some of our multi-year contracts also contain demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addition to other performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost and compliance with government regulations, which, if not satisfied, could subject us to substantial contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and contract termination. There can be no assurance that contracts and projects, in particular those with long-term duration and fixed-price calculation, can be completed profitably. To tackle those risks, we established a global project management organization to systematically improve the technical and commercial capabilities of our project management personnel. For complex projects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customers.