8.3.2 Operational risks

Cyber/Information security: Digital technologies are deeply integrated into our business portfolio. Further integration of information technology into products and services in conjunction with changing business strategies (such as outsourcing, globally distributed development, a lesser degree of sole production) are leading to an increasingly distributed supply chain, making efficient controls difficult. The fact of a large number of suppliers requires a significant effort for the initial and regular verification of the effective implementation of cybersecurity requirements by suppliers. Siemens business entities might lose market access if their products, solutions and services do not comply with increased regulations and legal requirements for cybersecurity in their respective countries. We observe a global increase of cybersecurity threats and higher levels of professionalism in computer crime, which pose a risk to the security of Siemens products, solutions and services; to Siemens IT systems and networks; and to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data. Like other large multinational companies, we face active cyber threats from sophisticated adversaries that are supported by organized crime and nation- states engaged in economic espionage or even sabotage. According to external sources of relevant data, this trend has been accelerated by geopolitical developments and tensions worldwide. Especially the numbers of phishing attacks and malicious websites have increased significantly. There is a risk that confidential information or data-privacy-relevant information may be stolen or that the integrity of our portfolio may be compromised, such as by attacks on our networks, social engineering, data manipulations in critical applications, or a loss of critical resources, resulting in financial damages and violation of data privacy laws. Moreover, the information technology market is concentrated among a small number of information technology and software vendors, which could lead to dependence on a single provider. There can be no assurance that the measures aimed at protecting our intellectual property and portfolio will address these threats under all circumstances. Cybersecurity covers the IT of our entire enterprise including office IT, systems and applications, special-purpose networks, and our operating environments such as manufacturing and R&D. We strive to mitigate these risks by employing a number of cyber defense measures, including employee training, considering new models of flexible working environments, and comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems with an artificial intelligence solution to identify attacks faster, and thereby prevent damage to society, critical infrastructures, our customers, our partners and Siemens overall. We initiated the industrial “Charter of Trust,” signed by a growing group of global companies, which sets out principles for building trust in digital technologies and creating a more secure digital world. Nonetheless, our systems, products, solutions and services, as well as those of our service providers, remain potentially vulnerable to attacks. Such attacks could potentially lead to the publication, manipulation or leakage of information such as through industrial espionage. They could also result in deliberate improper use of our systems, vulnerable products, production downtimes and supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our reputation, our competitiveness and results of operations. For increased protection of Siemens and reduction of a potential financial impact caused by cyber incidents, the currently insurable cybersecurity risks have been to a partial extent transferred to a consortium of insurance companies.