the Managing Board in attendance. In addition, it met

Report of the Supervisory Board

regularly without the Managing Board and/or the inde-

pendent auditors in attendance. Outside its meetings, the Chairman of the Audit Committee regularly ex- changed views with the independent auditors regarding the progress of the audit and reported to the Audit Com- mittee thereon. The Audit Committee recommended that the Supervisory Board propose to the Annual Sharehold- ers’ Meeting that Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprü- fungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, be elected independent auditors for fiscal 2023. It awarded the audit contract for fiscal 2023 to the independent auditors, who had been elected by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, defined the audit’s focus areas and determined the auditors’ fee. The Audit Committee approved the audit plan and defined the Audit Committee’s focus areas. It monitored the selec- tion, independence, qualification, rotation and efficiency of the independent auditors as well as the services they provided and concerned itself with the review of the qual- ity of the audit of the financial statements. In fiscal 2023, against the backdrop of the Wirecard situation, the Audit Committee regularly discussed the role of Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, as the independent auditors of Wirecard AG. The Audit Commit- tee questioned the independent auditors regarding this matter and assessed the impact on Siemens AG. The Audit Committee also dealt with the Company’s accounting and accounting process, the appropriateness and effective- ness of its internal control system and its risk manage- ment system (including sustainability-related aspects), and the effectiveness, resources and findings of its inter- nal audit as well as with reports concerning potential and pending legal disputes. In addition, the Audit Committee concerned itself with the Company’s compliance with legal requirements, official regulations and the Company’s internal guidelines (compliance) and dealt, in particular, with the quarterly reports, the Chief Compliance Officer ’s annual report and the compliance management system. For this topic, the Managing Board member responsible for People & Organization also attended the Audit Com- mittee meetings at the invitation of the Audit Committee