3.5 Siemens Healthineers

Siemens as majority shareholder holds just over 75% of the shares of the publicly listed Siemens Healthineers AG, Germany. Siemens Healthineers is a global provider of healthcare products, solutions and services. It develops, manufactures, and sells a diverse range of diagnostic and therapeutic products and services to healthcare providers. In addition, Siemens Healthineers also provides clinical consulting services, as well as an extensive range of training and service offerings. This comprehensive portfolio supports customers along the entire care continuum, from prevention and early detection through to diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up care. The customer spectrum ranges from public and private healthcare providers, including hospitals and hospital systems, public and private clinics and laboratories, universities, physicians/joint medical practices, public health agencies, public and private health insurers, through to pharmaceutical companies and clinical research institutes. The imaging business provides imaging products, services, and solutions as well as digital offerings. Its most important products are devices for magnetic resonance imaging, computed tomography, X-ray, molecular imaging, and ultrasound. The diagnostics business comprises in-vitro diagnostic products and services that are offered to healthcare providers in the fields of laboratory and point-of-care diagnostics. The Varian business provides multi-modality cancer care technologies along with solutions and services to oncology departments in hospitals and clinics. The portfolio of the advanced therapies business consists of highly integrated products, services, and solutions across multiple clinical fields that are designed to support image-guided minimally invasive treatments, in areas such as cardiology, interventional radiology, and surgery. Competition in the imaging, Varian and advanced therapies businesses consists mainly of a small number of large multinational companies, while the diagnostics market is fragmented with a variety of global players that compete with each other across market segments and also with several regional players and specialized companies in niche technologies. Markets of Siemens Healthineers are characterized by long-term stability, though, over the long term, these markets may also experience shorter-term fluctuations arising from macroeconomic and health political developments, such as changes in health policy, regulation or reimbursement systems. Because a substantial portion of Siemens Healthineers’ revenue stems from recurring business, growth opportunities can be pursued from a stable foundation of profit.