Markets served by Mobility grew significantly in fiscal 2023, supported by long-term trends such as urbanization, decarbonization and increasing demand for digital solutions. Market dynamics in fiscal 2023 also benefited from receding material shortages and easing of supply chain constraints. On a geographic basis, all regions contributed to market growth, highlighted by large and very large orders in Germany, the U.S., Egypt and India, among others. The market for rolling stock included large orders for high-speed trains, commuter trains and locomotives in Europe, India and Egypt. Growth in North America included major investments in new and existing fleets, especially for urban transport. Growth in the rail infrastructure market was driven mainly by digitalization, deployment of ETCS technology and track electrification, for example with projects in Europe and Asia. For fiscal 2024, markets served by Mobility are expected to grow clearly, benefiting from the above-mentioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth. Market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs. Mobility anticipates that rail operators in Europe, particularly in Germany and in the U.K., will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the Middle East and Africa will tender large turnkey projects, especially in North Africa and the Middle East such as in in Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Markets in the U.S. are expected to remain strong, especially due to ongoing investments in rolling stock, particularly for mainline and light rail transport; within the infrastructure market demand is expected to continue for mass transit including communications-based train control technology and from a developing market for rail freight solutions. In Asia, markets in India are expected to grow strongly with investments in mainline transport (high-speed trains, freight infrastructure, rolling stock fleet renewals and expansions of large commuter rail and locomotive tenders), urban metros and rail electrification driving growth.