In fiscal 2023, markets served by Digital Industries overall grew significantly. However, after a strong start, growth momentum increasingly slowed over the course of the fiscal year. This was particularly evident in China. On a geographic basis, all regions contributed to growth, led by the regions Americas and Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East. While global supply chain constraints eased, high price inflation led central banks to increase interest rates, which together with high energy costs impacted manufacturing industries. This impacted predominantly consumer- and building-related industries whereas production of investments goods still benefited from converting high order backlogs into current revenue. The entire manufacturing industry experienced a destocking of inventories as a countereffect of proactive ordering in the previous fiscal year. This was most evident in distributor channels and resulted in a significant decline in orders for automation equipment. Discrete industries, which are closer to consumer spending than process industries, were impacted earlier and more strongly than process industries, which are more project-based. The global automotive industry recovered throughout the year following a weak prior year, and benefited from improved supply chain conditions. Production of electric vehicles continued to increase. On a geographic basis, China, Japan, the U.S. and countries of the European Union saw a strong catchup of production mainly in the first half of the fiscal year. The machine-building industry grew strongly in the first half of fiscal 2023 but growth in major countries such as China, Germany, Japan and countries of the European Union came to a halt or market volume even declined in the second half of the fiscal year due to less favorable investment conditions caused by rising interest rates and a more cautious investment sentiment in consumer industries. Within the pharmaceutical and the chemicals industries, the pharmaceutical industry grew throughout the fiscal year, but with slower momentum towards the end of the fiscal year. In contrast, production in the chemicals industries declined in fiscal 2023. This was particularly evident within the countries of the European Union due mainly to high energy costs. The food and beverage industry grew strongly at the beginning of the fiscal year, driven by strong price increases. In the second half of the fiscal year, growth slowed considerably, reflecting weaker consumer spending. The market for electronics and semiconductors declined markedly at the beginning of fiscal 2023 but began to stabilize during the second half of the fiscal year. The decline, which was particularly evident in countries such as Taiwan and Korea with a focus on semiconductor production, was due among other factors to shrinking consumer