Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other investments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting our activities in some business areas and strengthening others through portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions. With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out could have a negative impact on our business situation, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of difficulties that may arise when integrating people, operations, technologies and products. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses we acquire can be integrated successfully and in a timely manner as originally planned, or that they will perform as anticipated once integrated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisition, administrative, tax and other expenditures in connection with these transactions, including costs related to integration of acquired businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in additional financing needs and adversely affect our capital structure. Acquisitions can lead to substantial additions to intangible assets, including goodwill, in our statements of financial position. If we were to encounter continuing adverse business developments or if we were otherwise to perform worse than expected at acquisition activities, then these intangible assets, including goodwill, might have to be impaired, which could adversely affect our business situation, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment portfolio includes investments held for purposes other than trading and other investments. Any factors negatively influencing the financial condition and results of operations of our at-equity investments, such as Siemens Energy, and other investments could have an adverse effect on our equity pick-up related to these investments or may result in a related write-off. In addition, our business situation, financial condition and results of operations could also be adversely affected in connection with loans, guarantees or non-compliance with financial covenants related to these investments. Furthermore, such investments are inherently risky as we may not be able to sufficiently influence corporate governance processes or business decisions taken by our at-equity investments, by other investments and by strategic alliances, which may have a negative effect on our business and especially on our reputation. In addition, joint ventures bear the risk of difficulties that may arise when integrating people, operations, technologies and products. Strategic alliances may also pose risks for us because we compete in some business areas with companies with which we have strategic alliances. Besides other measures, we handle these risks with standardized processes as well as dedicated roles and responsibilities in the areas of mergers, acquisitions, divestments and carve- outs. This includes the systematic treatment of all contractual obligations and post-closing claims.