to support targeted training measures.

5

Details regarding the work of the Supervisory Board are provided in the Report of the Supervisory Board, which is made publicly available for each previous fiscal year on the Siemens Global Website.

SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES

In fiscal 2023, the Supervisory Board had six standing committees, whose duties, responsibilities and pro cedures fulfill the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the Code. The chairmen of these committees provide the Supervisory Board with regular reports on their committees’ activities.

The Chairman’s Committee makes proposals, in particu

lar, regarding the appointment and dismissal of Manag

ing Board members and is responsible for concluding, amending, extending and terminating employment con tracts with members of the Managing Board. When mak ing recommendations for firsttime appointments, it takes into account that the terms of these appointments shall not, as a rule, exceed three years. In preparing rec ommendations regarding the appointment of Managing Board members, the Chairman’s Committee takes into account the candidates’ professional qualifications, inter national experience and leadership qualities, the age limit specified for Managing Board members and longterm succession planning as well as diversity. It also takes into account the diversity concept for the Managing Board that has been approved by the Super visory Board. The Chairman’s Committee concerns itself with questions regarding the Company’s corporate governance and prepares the proposals to be approved by the Supervisory Board regarding the Declaration of Conformity with the Code – including the explanation of deviations from the Code – and regarding the Corporate Governance Statement and the Report of the Super visory Board to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. It is responsible for approving the Company’s related party transactions. Furthermore, the Chairman’s Committee submits recommendations to the Supervisory Board re garding the composition of the Supervisory Board com mittees and decides whether to approve contracts and business transactions with Managing Board members and parties related to them.