Disruptive technologies: The markets in which our businesses operate experience rapid and significant changes due to the introduction of innovative and disruptive technologies. In the field of digitalization (e.g. Digital Twin, artificial intelligence, cloud computing), there are risks associated with new competitors, substitutions for existing products/solutions/services, new business models (e.g. in terms of pricing, financing, extended scopes for project business or subscription models in the software business), and finally the risk that our competitors may have more advanced time-to-market strategies and introduce their disruptive products and solutions faster than Siemens. Siemens generally differentiates its software offerings from those of other software companies through deep domain know-how. There are risks associated with technologies such as artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence, that domain expertise will not be a significant distinguishing feature in the future, and that additional competitors may therefore emerge more easily or rapidly. Our operating results depend to a significant extent on our technological leadership, our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets, and our ability to optimize our cost base accordingly. Introducing new products and technologies requires a significant commitment to research and development, which in return requires expenditure of considerable financial resources that may not always result in success. Our results of operations may suffer if we invest in technologies that do not operate or may not be integrated as expected, or that are not accepted in the marketplace as anticipated, or if our products, solutions or systems are not introduced to the market in a timely manner, particularly compared to our competitors, or even become obsolete. We constantly apply for new patents and actively manage our intellectual property portfolio to secure our technological position. However, our patents and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling products and services that are similar to ours.