8.3.1 Strategic risks

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions: We see high uncertainties regarding the global economic and geopolitical outlook, which deteriorated significantly in the past year due to multiple headwinds, all of which may continue to intensify. First, the Israel-Gaza conflict continues to escalate and might cause a larger regional conflict involving further parties. Ongoing risks emanate from the war in Ukraine. Both the Israel-Gaza conflict and the war in Ukraine may have negative impacts on sales development, production processes and purchasing and logistics processes, for example through interruptions in supply chains and energy supplies or bottlenecks affecting components, raw materials and intermediate products. Each of the conflicts could also intensify further to the point of expanding to include other warring parties, including NATO countries, and the use of unconventional weapons. An expansion of the conflicts would have a significant impact on the Siemens market environment. Even the current states of conflicts could have a further negative impact on development of potential crude oil and natural gas supplies. This would fuel inflation, with further risk of a sustained wage-price-spiral. In any case one of the core risks for the Siemens outlook is that central banks may fail to get inflation below their targets and then react more restrictively or even overreact. More restrictive financial conditions would likely push advanced economies into recession and pose a significant risk to vulnerable emerging economies. Highly indebted (emerging and industrialized) countries could suffer from increasing financing costs, further U.S. dollar appreciation, and loss of investor confidence. Other risks could arise for the stability of public finances and the banking sector. Further risks are coming from other geopolitical tensions (particularly associated with the Baltics, Eastern Europe, the Western Balkans, China, Taiwan, and Iran). We continue to face economic risks from a further significant slow-down of the Chinese economy. Key risks are coming from potential financial imbalances, particularly due to the struggling real-estate sector, but also from the growing debt-level of local governments, with growing negative implications for Siemens business in China and the country’s trading partners. Obstruction and redefinitions of international cooperation agreements could severely impact our business. First and foremost a more extensive U.S.-China decoupling would have adverse effects on confidence and investment activity and would severely hit Siemens’ business. Increasing trade barriers, protectionism, sanctions and in particular technical regulations would negatively impact production costs and productivity along our global value chains, as well as significantly impede or even hinder access to sales markets. A significant risk to our sales potential and cost structures is coming from the possibility of renewed supply chain bottlenecks, due to growing lack of availability of intermediate goods, in particular electronic components. Furthermore, grid-lock in U.S. politics could weigh on U.S. growth with the risk of a global spillover. We are dependent on the economic development of certain industries; a continuation or even an intensification of the cyclical and structural headwinds in core customer industries, e.g. automotive or construction, would have adverse impact on our business prospects. A resurgence of COVID-19 or even the outbreak of a new pandemic, a terrorist attack, a significant cybercrime incident, or a series of such attacks or incidents in major economies, could depress economic activity globally and undermine consumer and business confidence. Additionally, the highly interconnected global economy remains vulnerable to natural disasters or hybrid warfare.