Governing purpose Setting purpose The company’s stated purpose, as the expression of the means by which a business proposes solutions to economic, environmental and social issues. Corporate purpose should create value for all stakeholders, including shareholders. Quality of governing body Governance body composition Composition of the highest governance body and its committees by: competencies relating to economic, environmental and social topics; executive or non-executive; independence; tenure on the governance body; number of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments; gender; membership of under-represented social groups; stakeholder representation. Stakeholder engagement Material issues impacting stakeholders A list of the topics that are material to key stakeholders and the company, how the topics were identified and how the stakeholders were engaged. Ethical behaviour Anticorruption 1. Total percentage of governance body members, employees and business partners who have received training on the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures, broken down by region. a) Total number and nature of incidents of corruption confirmed during the current year, but related to previous years; and b) Total number and nature of incidents of corruption confirmed during the current year, related to this year. 2. Discussion of initiatives and stakeholder engagement to improve the broader operating environment and culture, in order to combat corruption. Protected ethics advice and reporting mechanisms A description of internal and external mechanisms for: 1. Seeking advice about ethical and lawful behaviour and organizational integrity; 2. Reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behaviour and lack of organizational integrity. Risk and opportunity oversight Sustainability Report 2023 Siemens at a glance p. 7 ff Annual Financial Report 2023 Annual Financial Report Annual Financial Statement 3. Notes: 31 Members of the Managing Board and Supervisory Board p. 131 f WWW.SIEMENS.COM/ GLOBAL/EN/COMPANY/ABOUT/ LEADERSHIP/MANAGEMENT.HTML WWW.SIEMENS.COM/ GLOBAL/EN/COMPANY/ABOUT/ LEADERSHIP/SUPERVISORYBOARD/ COMMIT TEES.HTML Sustainability Report 2023 Materiality assessment p. 21 ff Sustainability Report 2023 Compliance and Ethics p. 32 ff Our sustainability indicators p. 106 ff Sustainability Report 2023 Compliance and Ethics p. 32 ff Our sustainability indicators p. 106 ff Annual Financial Report 2023 Combined Management Report 8. Report on expected develop- ments and associated material opportunities and risks p. 23 ff