Partnership organization Description Resource efficiency and circularity The European Union (EU) Business and Biodiversity Platform The EU Business and Biodiversity Platform provides a unique forum for dialog and a policy interface for discussing the links between business and biodiversity at the EU level. Siemens is an active member of the Platform. The European Union (EU) Circular Plastics Alliance Declaration The EU Circular Plastics Alliance aims to boost the EU market for recycled plastics. The Alliance covers the full plastics value chain and includes over 330 organizations representing industry, academia, and public authorities. Siemens is an active member of the Alliance. The Federation of German Industries (BDI) Circular Economy Initiative The BDI Circular Economy Initiative is a network of about 60 organizations across the entire industrial spectrum. Siemens is a founding member of the Circular Economy Initiative. Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) The Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) is one of the most utilized and respected resources used by companies in a variety of industries for addressing responsible minerals sourcing issues in their supply chains. Siemens is an active member of RMI and is involved in advancing the topic of responsible minerals sourcing at Siemens. Peoplecentricity and societal impact The European Union (EU) Agency for Safety and Health at Work (OSHA) EU-OSHA is the EU’s information agency overseeing occupational safety and health at work. Siemens is a partner of the EU-OSHA Healthy Workplaces Campaign and is committed to championing safe and healthy work in the digital age. Global Business Initiative (GBI) on Human Rights The Global Business Initiative (GBI) works to shape practices, inspire commitment, and build the capability for implementing respect for human rights, in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Siemens is an active member of the Initiative. The International Organisation of Employers (IOE) Global Occupational and Health Network (GOSH) The IOE GOSH is a network of more than 150 member organizations focused on improving occupational health and safety, providing forums to identify and, discuss emerging trends and international best practices. Siemens is an active member of the Network. One Young World (OYW) One Young World (OYW) is a non-profit organization that empowers and develops young leaders to build a fair, sustainable future for all. Siemens has been an active partner of OYW for over a decade, with over 500 Siemens delegates having participated the annual OYW Summits since they began. United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) European Working Group on Business and Human Rights The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is the world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative. It calls for companies to align their strategies and operations with universal principles on human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. Siemens is a member of the European Working Group on Business and Human Rights. G7 and the International Labour Organization (ILO) Vision Zero Fund The Vision Zero Fund is an initiative of the G7 countries aimed at preventing work-related deaths, injuries, and disease in sectors operating in or aspiring to join global supply chains. The ILO administers and imple- ments the fund’s projects. Siemens was the first private sector donor to join the fund. The World Economic Forum (WEF) Chief Health Officer Group The World Economic Forum (WEF) is the international organization for public-private cooperation. Siemens is an active member of the WEF Chief Health Officer Group, which works to advance the overall well-being of the workforce. Support for nonprofit organizations that promote business integrity and the fight against corruption worldwide So far we have allocated about US$120 million to 85 projects in more than 50 countries across all funding rounds. Information is available on the INITIATIVE REPORT 2022. INTEGRIT Y