Link to strategy FINANCIAL TARGETS Profit Earnings per share before purchase price allocation (EPS pre PPA) EPS reflects the net income attributable to the shareholders of Siemens AG and incentivizes the sustainable increase in profit – particularly by focusing on profitable growth. This key performance indicator provides a comprehensive perspective that encompasses all units of the Siemens Group. The consideration of EPS pre PPA strengthens the focus on Siemens’ operating performance. Profitability / capital efficiency Return on capital employed adjusted (ROCE adjusted) ROCE, which is the primary measure for managing capital efficiency at Group level, reflects our focus on profitable growth, the implementation of measures to sustainably increase competitiveness and stringent working capital management. The adjustment of ROCE places the focus on Siemens’ operating performance. Liquidity Cash conversion rate (CCR) CCR measures the ability to convert profit into cash flow in order to finance growth and offer our shareholders an attractive, progressive dividend policy. Growth Comparable revenue growth Further accelerating high-value growth is a key element of Siemens’ strategy. As a leading technology company, Siemens wants to expand its position on all targeted markets and tap additional profitable markets. Long-term value creation Total shareholder return (TSR) TSR is a yardstick for measuring the achievement of Siemens’ strategic goal of sustainably increasing Company value. It indicates total value creation for shareholders in the form of increases in the Siemens share price and dividends paid. NON-FINANCIAL, QUALITATIVE TARGETS Execution of Company strategy Various focus topics The individual targets for executing the Company strategy enable the Company to focus on specific factors that are aligned with its short- and medium-term targets and measures in order to ensure its long-term strategic development. The focus topics in fiscal 2023 comprised business development, the implementation of other strategic target setting, optimization / efficiency enhancement and the implementation of portfolio measures. Sustainability Various focus topics Sustainability / diversity – Siemens honors its social responsibility by fostering diversity, inclusion and equal opportunity. Siemens-internal ESG/Sustain- ability index The Siemens-internal ESG/Sustainability index for the 2023 Stock Awards tranche includes: • CO2 emissions – Climate neutrality by 2030 in order to support the 1.5-degree target and thus combat global warming. • Digital learning hours – Focus on learning in order to empower our people to remain resilient and relevant in a constantly changing environment. • Net Promoter Score – Strong customer relationships are the basis for sustainable development both for Siemens and for our customers.