Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportunities, with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on the significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first step, assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity involves choosing one of our general response strategies. Our general response strategies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer, reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general response strategy with respect to opportunities is to “pursue” the relevant opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or opportunity also involves the development, initiation and monitoring of appropriate response measures corresponding to the chosen response strategy. These response measures have to be specifically tailored to allow for effective risk management. Accordingly, we have developed a variety of response measures with different characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities. Regarding our projects, systematic and comprehensive project management with standardized project milestones, including provisional acceptances during project execution and complemented by clearly defined approval processes, assists us in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage, even before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we maintain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of damage and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among others, we address the risk of fluctuation in economic activity and customer demand by closely monitoring macroeconomic conditions and developments in relevant industries, and by adjusting capacity and implementing cost-reduction measures in a timely and consistent manner if they are deemed necessary. Due to regular screening of climate risks and environmental, social and governance (ESG) developments we can initiate related mitigation actions in a timely manner – also as part of our DEGREE implementation. Worldwide there are risks from the transmission of infectious agents from animals to humans, from humans to humans and in other ways. Epidemic, pandemic or other infectious developments such as bioterrorism to cause high disease rates in countries, regions or continents. We constantly check information from the World Health Organization (WHO), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. and Europe, the Robert Koch Institute in Germany and other institutions in order to be able to identify early epidemic or pandemic risks and determine and initiate related mitigation actions as early as possible.