10.6 Compensation agreements with members of the Managing Board or employees in the event of a takeover bid

The contracts with the members of the Managing Board previously contained the right of the member to terminate his or her contract with the Company for good cause in the event of a change of control that results in a substantial change in the position of a Managing Board member (for example, due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Managing Board member’s duties and responsibilities). A change of control exists if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in concert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercompany agreement within the meaning of Section 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing corporation or other entity. If this right of termination is exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a severance payment in the amount of no more than two years’ compensation. The calculation of the annual compensation includes not only the base compensation and the target amount for the bonus, but also the target amount for the stock awards, in each case based on the most recent completed fiscal year prior to termination of the contract. The stock-based compensation components for which a firm commitment already exists will remain unaffected. Additionally, the severance payments cover non-monetary benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total severance amount. Severance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for discounted values and for income earned elsewhere. However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of the severance payment that was calculated without taking account of the first six months of the remaining term of the Managing Board member’s contract. There is no entitlement to a severance payment if the Managing Board member receives benefits from third parties in connection with a change of control. A right to terminate the contract does not exist if the change of control occurs within a period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board member’s retirement.