FISCAL 2023 8

Detailed discussion of the audit of the financial statements The independent auditors, Ernst & Young GmbH Wirt-

schaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, audited the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG, the Consol- idated Financial Statements of the Siemens Group and the Combined Management Report for Siemens AG and the Siemens Group for fiscal 2023 and issued an unqual- ified opinion for each. Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschafts- prüfungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, has served as the inde- pendent auditors of Siemens AG and the Siemens Group since fiscal 2009. Siegfried Keller has signed as auditor since fiscal 2023 and as auditor responsible for the audit also since fiscal 2023. Dr. Philipp Gaenslen has signed as auditor since fiscal 2021. The Annual Financial State- ments of Siemens AG and the Combined Management Report for Siemens AG and the Siemens Group were pre- pared in accordance with the requirements of German law. The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Siemens Group were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted for use in the European Union (EU) and with the additional requirements of German law set out in Section 315 e (1) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB). The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Siemens Group also comply with all IFRS requirements as issued by the International Account- ing Standards Board (IASB). The independent auditors conducted their audit in accordance with Section 317 of the German Commercial Code and the EU Audit Regula- tion and German generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements as promulgated by the Insti- tut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) as well as in supplemen- tary compliance with the International Standards on Auditing (ISA). The abovementioned documents as well as the Managing Board’s proposal for the appropriation of net income were submitted to the Supervisory Board by the Managing Board in advance. The Audit Committee discussed the dividend proposal in detail at its meeting on November 14, 2023. It discussed the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG, the Consolidated Financial