Partnership organization Description Decarbonization and energy efficiency The Climate Group → EV100 → EP100 → RE100 The EV100 initiative expedites the shift to electric vehicles (EVs). Siemens intends for EVs to account for 100% of its fleet by 2030. We are also investing in the establishment of charging infrastructure in the same timeframe. EP100 brings together over 125 ambitious businesses committed to improving energy efficiency. Siemens is committed to owning only assets that are Net Zero carbon in operation and occupying only assets that are Net Zero carbon in operation by 2030. RE100 unites hundreds of ambitious companies committed to 100% renewable electricity. Siemens is committed to reaching this target by 2030. United Nations → Conference of the Parties (COP) → Global Compact (UNGC) Working Group on Climate The United Nations Conference of Parties (COP) is the world’s highest decision-making body on climate issues. COP connects stakeholders from politics, society, and business for discussions about the global path to Net Zero. COP provides a unique opportunity to showcase Siemens as a multiplier of change that empowers customers and societies to drive their sustainability transformation. The 28th session of the COP was held in Dubai, UAE in 2023. The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is the world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative. It calls for companies to align their strategies and operations with universal principles on human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. Siemens is active in the UNGC’s Working Group on Climate. U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Better Buildings initiative Better Buildings is an Initiative of the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) that is designed to improve the lives of the American people by driving leadership in energy innovation. Siemens is an active participant in the initiative’s Better Climate Challenge. The World Bank Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) The Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) brings together leaders from government, the private sector, academia, and civil society to expand the use of carbon pricing policies. Siemens is a member of the coalition and actively advocates for the global introduction of carbon pricing. The World Economic Forum (WEF) → Alliance for Clean Air → Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders → ESG Practitioners The World Economic Forum (WEF) is the international organization for public-private cooperation. Siemens is a founding member of the WEF Alliance for Clean Air, which brings together business leaders to measure and reduce value chain air pollutant emissions, invest in innovation, and work with policy makers and peers to champion the social, economic, and climate benefits of tackling air pollution. The WEF Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders is a CEO-led community committed to defining bold climate goals and accelerating the Net Zero transition by setting science-based targets, disclosing emissions, and catalyzing decarbonization and partnerships across global value chains. The WEF ESG Practitioners help implement the recommendations from the WEF Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics in reports.