In general, the addressable global markets of Siemens Healthineers excluding rapid coronavirus antigen tests grew moderately in fiscal 2023. From a regional perspective, the Asia, Australia region saw market growth in most businesses; in China, government subsidy programs, among others, including the program of lending incentives associated with the economic stimulus package, had a positive effect on investment by healthcare providers. In the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East, government subsidy programs, among others, were able to support growth in most businesses. In the U.S., market growth was recorded in all businesses. Globally, higher volume in the market for the imaging business was generated thanks to the high level of order backlogs resulting from demand catch-up effects, on the one hand, and investments in diagnostic imaging equipment in reaction to announced price hikes, on the other hand. The imaging market is expected to grow moderately overall in fiscal 2024, driven mainly by pent-up demand for the major imaging modalities. Within the diagnostics business, demand for rapid coronavirus antigen tests declined sharply after the COVID-19 pandemic ceased to be a global health emergency and the incidence of COVID-19 infections subsided. The market for the diagnostics business is expected to achieve slight growth in fiscal 2024, excluding COVID-19 testing. In the market for Varian, overall market growth, especially in the U.S. and Western Europe, was boosted mainly by increasing demand for product innovations and services as well as by an intact replacement market. For this reason, the market for Varian is expected to grow clearly in fiscal 2024. For advanced therapies business, government subsidy programs, including lending incentives enacted as part of the economic stimulus package in China along with EU investment programs, positively influenced market development. The expectation for the advanced therapies business is that the market will continue to grow moderately in fiscal 2024.